New docs structure (#56)
opengisch/QField-docs: en/prepare/custom-svg.rst

Custom SVG symbols
==================

> From QGIS 3.6 Noosa it is possible to embed SVG symbols within QGIS projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to embed SVG symbols directly within a QGIS projects.
```
